Update for KCSNA23 (#412)
kubernetes/contributor-site: content/en/events/2023/kcsna/registration.md

---
title: "Registration"
type: docs
weight: 2
---

> Registration is open to all members of one of the [Kubernetes orgs] or 
> sponsored attendees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Registration is open to all members of one of the [Kubernetes orgs], Etcd contributors with 50 or more contributions, or sponsored attendees.
```

> Registration is open to all members of one of the [Kubernetes orgs], Etcd contributors with 50 or more contributions, or sponsored attendees.

Reviewer: based on our discussion, change this:

```suggestion
Registration is open to all members of one of the [Kubernetes orgs], qualified Etcd contributors, or sponsored attendees.
```

---
title: "Registration"
type: docs
weight: 2
---

Registration is open to all members of one of the [Kubernetes orgs] or 
sponsored attendees.

If you are not yet a member, but active within the project, please consider
joining! The process of joining is straight forward. See our [org membership]
docs for more information. If your application to join is pending, please
contact us at summit-team@kubernetes.io about registering.

**NOTE:** The summit adheres to KubeCon’s [Health & Safety Guidelines]

If you acknowledge the above, please go ahead and click below to register:

<h3>
<a href="https://cvent.me/rQmr4Q" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">Register Here</a>

> </h3>

Reviewer 2: The reg link is for EU. Need to update it once the NA one becomes available.
